{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11780\viewh14620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 sgm file name: /Users/lixxx345/Documents/corpora/ace_phase2/data/ace2_devtest/three2one/CNN19981012.2130.0981.sgm xmlFileName: /Users/lixxx345/Documents/corpora/ace_phase2/data/ace2_devtest/three2one/CNN19981012.2130.0981.sgm.tmx.rdc.xml\
  CNN19981012.2130.0981   NEWS STORY  10/12/1998 21:46:21.13    Chartering a plane for a business trip may sound extravagant. In some cases, it can be the best deal. Dan Ronan explains in this edition of "working ahead."   Reporter:  Microtel chairman Mike leven is going to work. Today he's headed to Georgetown, Kentucky, to oversee the grand opening of the franchise company's 100th hotel.  Okay. All right.  Yeah.  applause    Reporter:  Leven is based in Atlanta. Georgetown has an airport. But there's no scheduled commercial jet service. The solution, charter a plane to fly him and his staff in for the day.  Commercial doesn't go to some of the places we have to go. If it -- if commercial does go, sometimes the schedule doesn't work. Often times now it's very close to the same price if you're taking a lot of people because commercial fares have gone up for business travelers so much.   Reporter:  The cost of flying this charter plane is about $3,000 a day. If you were to fly all of the passengers on a commercial jet in first class, it would be a little less. Still, if you pay for the charter with a charge card, you'd accumulate frequent-flier miles. There are nearly 700 airports in the U.S. that can handle commercial jets. But there are nearly 5,500 smaller facilities for general aviation. More companies are finding that, with crowded airports and tight schedules, flying on a charter makes economic sense and improves morale.  It's not an extravagance, it's as a necessity of business today. And in fact, 84% of the people who fly on corporate jets are not the top management. They're engineering teams, they're people who are traveling in order to get to a factory or something like that.   Reporter:  Leven and his team would spend about two hours in Kentucky, meeting with hotel investors, employees and residents. The time in the air makes them more efficient.  Generally, I will take two, three or four people with me on one of these trips. We usually hold a meeting on the plane. It's a casual, more relaxed atmosphere. You certainly can't do that on a commercial airline. So you are using the time that you're in the air to conduct business.   Reporter:  But this CEO flies regular commercial flights when that is more cost-effective, as he did this day, catching a flight from Cincinnati to Boston. Dan Ronan, CNN, Cincinnati, Ohio.    10/12/1998 21:48:44.01  .\
shorterBuf leng: 2357\
CNN19981012.2130.0981 NEWS STORY 10/12/1998 21:46:21.13 Chartering a plane for a business trip may sound extravagant. In some cases, it can be the best deal. Dan Ronan explains in this edition of "working ahead." Reporter: Microtel chairman Mike leven is going to work. Today he's headed to Georgetown, Kentucky, to oversee the grand opening of the franchise company's 100th hotel. Okay. All right. Yeah. applause Reporter: Leven is based in Atlanta. Georgetown has an airport. But there's no scheduled commercial jet service. The solution, charter a plane to fly him and his staff in for the day. Commercial doesn't go to some of the places we have to go. If it -- if commercial does go, sometimes the schedule doesn't work. Often times now it's very close to the same price if you're taking a lot of people because commercial fares have gone up for business travelers so much. Reporter: The cost of flying this charter plane is about $3,000 a day. If you were to fly all of the passengers on a commercial jet in first class, it would be a little less. Still, if you pay for the charter with a charge card, you'd accumulate frequent-flier miles. There are nearly 700 airports in the U.S. that can handle commercial jets. But there are nearly 5,500 smaller facilities for general aviation. More companies are finding that, with crowded airports and tight schedules, flying on a charter makes economic sense and improves morale. It's not an extravagance, it's as a necessity of business today. And in fact, 84% of the people who fly on corporate jets are not the top management. They're engineering teams, they're people who are traveling in order to get to a factory or something like that. Reporter: Leven and his team would spend about two hours in Kentucky, meeting with hotel investors, employees and residents. The time in the air makes them more efficient. Generally, I will take two, three or four people with me on one of these trips. We usually hold a meeting on the plane. It's a casual, more relaxed atmosphere. You certainly can't do that on a commercial airline. So you are using the time that you're in the air to conduct business. Reporter: But this CEO flies regular commercial flights when that is more cost-effective, as he did this day, catching a flight from Cincinnati to Boston. Dan Ronan, CNN, Cincinnati, Ohio. 10/12/1998 21:48:44.01\
0 116 NN19981012.2130.0981 NEWS STORY 10/12/1998 21:46:21.13 Chartering a plane for a business trip may sound extravagant.\
132 156 it can be the best deal.\
222 268 Microtel chairman Mike leven is going to work.\
367 380  100th hotel.\
381 386 Okay.\
387 397 All right.\
398 403 Yeah.\
423 449 Leven is based in Atlanta.\
450 476 Georgetown has an airport.\
488 525  no scheduled commercial jet service.\
540 596 charter a plane to fly him and his staff in for the day.\
615 655  go to some of the places we have to go.\
718 724  work.\
783 877 e taking a lot of people because commercial fares have gone up for business travelers so much.\
888 948 The cost of flying this charter plane is about $3,000 a day.\
1026 1052 it would be a little less.\
1112 1145  accumulate frequent-flier miles.\
1146 1187 There are nearly 700 airports in the U.S.\
1188 1220 that can handle commercial jets.\
1221 1288 But there are nearly 5,500 smaller facilities for general aviation.\
1365 1426 flying on a charter makes economic sense and improves morale.\
1457 1491  as a necessity of business today.\
1505 1576 84% of the people who fly on corporate jets are not the top management.\
1610 1689 e people who are traveling in order to get to a factory or something like that.\
1790 1814 employees and residents.\
1815 1861 The time in the air makes them more efficient.\
1890 1941 three or four people with me on one of these trips.\
1942 1981 We usually hold a meeting on the plane.\
1997 2021 more relaxed atmosphere.\
2041 2074  do that on a commercial airline.\
2111 2144 e in the air to conduct business.\
2255 2299 catching a flight from Cincinnati to Boston.\
2328 2333 Ohio.\
bufleng: 2407 matchBuf2Stanform length: 2407\
CNN19981012.2130.0981 NEWS STORY 10/12/1998 21:46:21.13 Chartering a plane for a business trip may sound extravagant .In some cases , it can be the best deal .Dan Ronan explains in this edition of '' working ahead . ''Reporter : Microtel chairman Mike leven is going to work .Today he 's headed to Georgetown , Kentucky , to oversee the grand opening of the franchise company 's 100th hotel .Okay .All right .Yeah .applause Reporter : Leven is based in Atlanta .Georgetown has an airport .But there 's no scheduled commercial jet service .The solution , charter a plane to fly him and his staff in for the day .Commercial doesn 't go to some of the places we have to go .If it -- if commercial does go , sometimes the schedule doesn 't work .Often times now it 's very close to the same price if you 're taking a lot of people because commercial fares have gone up for business travelers so much .Reporter : The cost of flying this charter plane is about $ 3,000 a day .If you were to fly all of the passengers on a commercial jet in first class , it would be a little less .Still , if you pay for the charter with a charge card , you 'd accumulate frequent-flier miles .There are nearly 700 airports in the U.S .that can handle commercial jets .But there are nearly 5,500 smaller facilities for general aviation .More companies are finding that , with crowded airports and tight schedules , flying on a charter makes economic sense and improves morale .It 's not an extravagance , it 's as a necessity of business today .And in fact , 84 % of the people who fly on corporate jets are not the top management .They 're engineering teams , they 're people who are traveling in order to get to a factory or something like that .Reporter : Leven and his team would spend about two hours in Kentucky , meeting with hotel investors , employees and residents .The time in the air makes them more efficient .Generally , I will take two , three or four people with me on one of these trips .We usually hold a meeting on the plane .It 's a casual , more relaxed atmosphere .You certainly can 't do that on a commercial airline .So you are using the time that you 're in the air to conduct business .Reporter : But this CEO flies regular commercial flights when that is more cost-effective , as he did this day , catching a flight from Cincinnati to Boston .Dan Ronan , CNN , Cincinnati , Ohio .10/12/1998 21:48:44.01 \
IDENT 2 Pair\{228, 255\} Microtel chairman Mike leven 3 Pair\{282, 283\} he\
IDENT 8 Pair\{434, 438\} Leven 12 Pair\{577, 579\} him\
IDENT 12 Pair\{577, 579\} him 13 Pair\{585, 587\} his\
IDENT 28 Pair\{1535, 1604\} 84% of the people who fly on corporate jets are not the top management 30 Pair\{1609, 1612\} they\
IDENT 30 Pair\{1609, 1612\} They 32 Pair\{1637, 1640\} they\
IDENT 35 Pair\{1735, 1739\} Leven 36 Pair\{1746, 1748\} his\
IDENT 49 Pair\{2204, 2211\} this CEO 50 Pair\{2284, 2285\} he\
}